====================
 User Documentation
====================

:Author: Hugo Pastore

:Date: 2010-08-02

:Abstract: This document is a short description for end-user installation and 
  usage of CSStyle.

.. contents::

Installation
============

Dependencies
------------

CSStyle is written in pure python and does not depend on any librabry. It is
known to work on Python 2.5, 2.6, 3.0 and 3.1 [#]_.

Linux users certainly have Python already installed. For Windows and MacOS
users, please install Python [#]_ thanks to the adequate installer.

.. [#] See `Python Versions and OS Support`_ for further information.

.. [#] `Python download page <http://python.org/download/>`_.

CSStyle
-------

CSStyle can be freely downloaded on the `project website, download section
<http://www.csstyle.org/download>`_. Just get the file and unzip it in a
folder of your choice.

You can install it by running setup.py.
On Linux::
  
  # python setup.py install

CSStyle is also available with distutils, if you have it you can also install it 
with::

  easy_install csstyle

Simple Usage
============

To create CSS pages, just run csstyle.py with python or use the following line::

  csstyle FILE [FILE...] [options]

e.g.::

  csstyle style.css style2.css -b webkit -b gecko

Advanced Usage with Server in Python
====================================

If you want to use CSStyle on your website with a Python programmed server.
You can simply copy the csstyle/csstyle directory from the project archive 
on your server and then create your own CSStyle calling file.
You can use csstyle.py to understand how you can make a calling method::
  
  """
  CSStyle entry point.

  Launch CSStyle according to configuration and command-line
  arguments.

  """
  from __future__ import print_function
  import os
  import sys
  import optparse
  import copy

  import csstyle

  # Get command-line options
  def run():
      parser = optparse.OptionParser(usage= 'csstyle file [file[..]] [options]')
      parser.add_option(
          "-b", "--browser", action="append",
          dest="browser",
          help="select specific browser engine")
      parser.add_option(
          "-s", "--strip", action="store_true",
          help="if specified, output will only include modified lines")
      options, args = parser.parse_args()

      if not options.browser:
          options.browser = csstyle.BROWSERS

      print("/* Generated by CSStyle */\n\n", end='')

      for option in args:
          parser = csstyle.Parser(option)
          for engine in options.browser:
              browser_parser= getattr(csstyle, engine)
              print(browser_parser.transform(copy.deepcopy(parser), 
                                            keep_existant=(not options.strip)), end='')
                                            
  if __name__ == '__main__':
      run()

Most of the source above is used to parse command line. If you want to make
your own calling method replace this by your way of getting needed informations.

Python Versions and OS Support
==============================

CSStyle works with Python Python 2.6+.
CSStyle is known to work under most Linux distributions, Windows and Mac OS.
  